# TeX Quotes

TeX is a typesetting language developed by Donald Knuth. It takes source text together with a few typesetting instructions and produces, one hopes, a beautiful document. Beautiful documents use `“` and `”` to delimit quotations, rather than the mundane `"` which is what is provided by most keyboards. Keyboards typically do not have an oriented double-quote, but they do have a left-single-quote <code>\`</code> and a right-single-quote `'`. Check your keyboard now to locate the left-single-quote key <code>\`</code> (sometimes called the *backquote key*) and the right-single-quote key `'` (sometimes called the *apostrophe* or just *quote*). Be careful not to confuse the left-single-quote <code>\`</code> with the *backslash* key `\`. TeX lets the user type two left-single-quotes <code>\`\`</code> to create a left-double-quote `“` and two right-single-quotes `''` to create a right-double-quote `”`. Most typists, however, are accustomed to delimiting their quotations with the un-oriented double-quote `"`.

If the source contained

```
"To be or not to be," quoth the bard, "that is the question."
```

then the typeset document produced by TeX would not contain the desired form:

```
“To be or not to be,” quoth the bard, “that is the question.”
```

In order to produce the desired form, the source file must contain the sequence:

```
``To be or not to be,'' quoth the bard, ``that is the question.''
```

You are to write a program which converts text containing double-quote (`"`) characters into text that is identical except that double-quotes have been replaced by the two-character sequences required by TeX for delimiting quotations with oriented double-quotes. The double-quote (`"`) characters should be replaced appropriately by either <code>\`\`</code> if the `"` opens a quotation and by `''` if the `"` closes a quotation. Notice that the question of nested quotations does not arise: The first `"` must be replaced by <code>\`\`</code>, the next by `''`, the next by <code>\`\`</code>, the next by `''`, the next by <code>\`\`</code>, the next by `''`, and so on.

## Input and Output Specification

Input will consist of several lines of text containing an even number of double-quote (`"`) characters. Input is ended with an end-of-file character. The text must be output exactly as it was input except that:

* the first `"` in each pair is replaced by two <code>\`</code> characters: <code>\`\`</code> and

* the second `"` in each pair is replaced by two `'` characters: `''`.

## Standard input

```
"To be or not to be," quoth the Bard, "that
is the question".
The programming contestant replied: "I must disagree.
To `C' or not to `C', that is The Question!"
```

### Standard output

```
``To be or not to be,'' quoth the Bard, ``that
is the question''.
The programming contestant replied: ``I must disagree.
To `C' or not to `C', that is The Question!''
```

### Evaluation

[TeX Quotes (PC200272)](https://progcont.hu/progcont/100005/?locale=en&pid=272)
